[16.0][IMP] excel_import_export: update readme (#3132)
OCA/server-tools: excel_import_export/readme/CONFIGURE.rst

> If you are using this module and have existing templates from before the changes in
> https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/pull/3114, you will need to click 'REMOVE EXPORT ACTION'
> and then click 'ADD EXPORT ACTION' for the existing templates to apply the feature introduced in this PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have existing templates from the version 16.0.1.2.0 or earlier, you need to click 'REMOVE EXPORT ACTION'
and then click 'ADD EXPORT ACTION' in these templates for export actions to work as expected.
```
